0 8
You were born in a large kingdom named Coholon. Its capital is
Souter and King Varamon rules it. South of Coholon is Bamun,a
smaller nation which recently experienced a revolution. To the
north,is Cair - a wealthy nation with which Coholon does most
of its trading. You were born in Pine Growth,a small town in
the northwestern part of Coholon. Your father was a busy merchant
and he was rarely home. Your mother was a teacher at the village
school.
1 9
After a year and a half of training for your profession,you met
a pretty girl named Marianne. You fell in love and decided to
stop learning and marry her. Despite the disappointment of your
parents and mentor,you bought a small farm and began a quiet
life with your wife. A month later,you came home from a hard day
of labor to find your wife missing. You became worried and waited
for her through the night. The next day you decided to search for
her. You put on your cloak and left the house to find the woman
you love. And so the journey begins...
2 8
Having spent days in search of Marianne and still without a
clue as to where she was,you come to a conclusion that she has
been kidnapped. Seeing the countryside overrun by monsters and
robbers,you can no longer neglect the seriousness of the situation.
You clinch your teeth at the thought of anything happening to your
beloved wife and continue searching. You decide to travel south
toward Souter,hoping that whoever kidnapped your wife might be
there...
3 15
A bit shaken by the sight of the undead,you wonder what ill purpose
the Bamun refugees are serving in Coholon. You also question why the
local lord,Hamen,does nothing to prevent the ransacking of the
countryside by these monsters. Few soldiers were sent and most of
them were killed. Still,no sign of where Marianne was taken. One
of the peasants said that the desert tribes- the Golags,which are
independent from Coholon,often kidnap people that travel close to
their territory. Even though the desert is far from your home you
choose to look there. After 2 days of travel,you reached the
desert. You decided to stop during the night to rest. Unfortunately,
you were spotted by a Golag scout and were captured before you
realized what was going on. Your possessions were taken from you
and you were placed in a jail cell. Nights and days passed as you sat
in the dark,alone. Then one night,you woke up to some strange
noise. The cell door was open and your equipment was on the floor...
4 10
The local people thanked you greatly for saving them from the Golag
attack. After hearing about your troubles,they immediately started
looking for some kind of information that might help you. Indeed,
an old man that had recently visited the desert was heard saying
that his daughter and many other women were captured by a group of
mercenaries and that he was going to find them. He said he was
headed for Souter. After hearing this,you thank the people of the
desert and quickly head out toward the Coholon capital. Finally,
you have found the first clue that might lead you toward you wife.
And so the journey continues...
5 9
The death of lord Hamen had not gone unnoticed and a large portion
of the army was sent to track you down. Following the old man's words,
you found the north road after defeating the tribal soldiers who
were sent to revenge the death of their leader. Despite being hunted,
you moved as fast as you could to catch up to those that had taken your
wife. As you traveled along the road,you heard rumors of army men
ahead of you preparing a road block. Thus,you find yourself trapped
between 2 armies with no peaceful way out. Therefore,you must spill
the blood of these soldiers so that you can find Marianne...
6 15
That which you feared the most. The unspeakable evil. The murder of
Marianne had been committed. Her youth,her innocence,all was taken.
No one could help her as she along with the others was butchered. Is
this the end to the journey? What is the point of life when all that
was dear to you is gone? And yet...you can't plunge that fatal dagger
into your chest. The old man. His last words ring in your head.
Another innocent person in the claws of those murderers. Probably,
she is already dead. But what if she at this minute is hoping that
someone would save her,like Marianne could have hoped. Thus,you
choose to continue your journey. You lift your gaze to the sky and
proclaim that this time you will not be too late. As you look around
you,you notice that more soldiers are slowly coming toward you. With
the sea to your back,you lift your weapon,ready to slay them all
despite the odds. However,their leader lowers his sword and walks
toward you. He tells you that King Varamon wants to speak with you.
10 15
During your flight from Souter,a terrible event had occurred. An army
of Bamun refugees was gathered by a demon named Fatebringer who
had been exiled from Bamun. This fiend chose not to waste any time and
decided to conquer Coholon so that he once more could hold the power
he once possessed in Bamun. He swiftly lead the pestilent army of undead
to Souter and attacked. The royal soldiers stationed there quickly
set up defenses and a siege commenced which lasted for days. However,
the demon used his dark arts to possess a human and opened the city
gates for his army to march through. The battle continued,but the
city was decimated and many civilians were killed. The king fled the
city and decided to talk with you. 4 days later the two of you met.
These are his words: "Let me make this brief. I greatly dislike you and
had the circumstances been different,I would have wanted you dead.
However,Coholon is in danger. Everyday,I lose more and more men
while the Bamun exiles gain more and more ground.
11 14
Despite your unworthy deeds,I must ask a favor of you. I know you are
a skilled fighter and I am sure that no other can do this task. We
cannot stop the undead army,so their leader,Fatebringer,must be
killed. My magicians have found out that the spell the demon used to
possess a human has not worn off. It has also been reported to me that
the demon did not rejoin his army but is still among the remaining
people in Souter. Perhaps,he wants to watch how his army overruns
us from our perspective. Even though I abhor his sick desire,it is
the only chance we will have to destroy him. The task of finding him
and then killing him will be given to you. Suspect everyone but do
not attack a person until you are absolutely sure he is the demon.
Not only will killing the wrong man worsen your already bad reputation,
but it might also reveal the plan to Fatebringer and scare him away.
For the sake of Coholon,you must accept this mission!" And so you did.
7 15
As you gaze upon Fatebringer's lifeless form,you feel no joy in your
victory. Somewhere across the sea,a man breathes and lives,while his
victims don't. Thus,you will not feel pleasure nor pain until that fiend
is dead. By the time you reach King Varamon,the tide of the war has
turned. Without their leader,the undead army quickly lost its momentum
and began losing battles. As you approach the King's camp,you hear talk
of the liberation of Souter. The soldiers rejoice all around you,but you
ignore them as you make your way to the King's tent. You thrust a drunk
guard out of the way and step in. King Varamon casually congratulates you
on the success of your mission. As a reward,he lifts the charge of
murder from you and declares you a free man. You neglect this gesture
and bluntly request that he takes you across the sea to Cair. Glad to
remove such a dangerous person from his kingdom,the King agrees to
grant your wish. Thus,you find yourself on the shores of Cair,within
reach of the man you must slay and the girl he had stolen.
8 15
Your enemy is dead. Blood flows from his corpse and there is no breath.
After months of travel and misery you finally defeat the man who was the
cause of it all. You are triumphant in your mission to slay your
wife's murderer. You have revenged all that lost their lives. But you feel
no happiness. There is no joy. Your world is ruined. You can never go back
to that small farm. You can never be that young,innocent husband with a
pretty wife. Marianne does not wait for you on that farm. She lies dead.
There is no future. There is only what was and what is not. It is time.
It is time for you to complete your quest. You pick up a bloody dagger
and wipe off the sticky liquid on your shirt. You carefully eye its wicked
blade. You slowly raise the hilt above your head. You hear a voice. But all
is quiet. You hear it again,this time it's louder. It is the sound of
Marianne's laughter. Then,there is silence. You listen but the voice is
gone. With a roar,you swing the dagger and it sinks into your chest.
Your vision fades as you fall to the floor.
9 11
Two dead bodies lie in the large hall. Suddenly,one of them disappears.
In its place stands a man in a black cape. He wears a golden necklace
and his eyes flash with fire. He smiles to himself and turns to the
remaining corpse. "You were destined to lose!" He proclaims. As the
Deceiver begins to turn away,the doors burst open and a man in a
shining suit of armor runs in. He dashes forward with his broadsword high
in his arms. The bewildered Deceiver tries to parry the upcoming thrust,
but the knight is true in his aim. In a flash of light,the sword severed
the Deceiver's head. Lightbringer turns to the corpse with a dagger through
it and proclaims,"The debt I owed you has been paid!" He turns around
and walks away...








